# To begin I saw that in order to list my code in columns I had to first attach it to a string. In order to do this I had to use pd.read_csv in order to read it. After I had the string with the columns and list I had to print it to out in order to demonstrate the data. The data I found was from the federal reserve talking about paper intrest rates. When I found this I downloaded and put it into the folder I had already and attached the name. 

#Quantative-Data: I picked this dataset on test grades because I wanted to see the average grades that a kid in my grade would get since it was interesting to me, then I picked reading because it is one of my worst topics in school and I thought it would fun to check other peopels grades. I learned that the average was barely a passing grade in this dataset which I found interesting since there were many outliers in this dataset which gave me the thought for it to be higher. 
# Survery Data Lab: From my analysis I have learned that the older people are the less they are on technology, although this is not true for all, there are some outliers from the old people who spend lots of time on technology. However, it is shown that kids are more commonly on technology and with the new generations the amount of time spent continues to grow. I learned how to use the import function "import seaborn as sns" to make my graph colorful. 
# I chose these variables since they related to one another and they relate to how the average income connects to each others networth. My scatterplot suggests that the people who bring the mean up in society are the outliers and there are many of them. Most people fall into the average networth section where then the dots start to disperse. 
# I learned what a linear regression is and hot it can function in python. I learned also what an r value is and if its closer to one then the line is better fit. I have applied what I have learned to my project and made a line of best fit for goals and assists in my raw data set. 
